nim_mic_vad_streaming/linux_nim_vad_streaming/README.md, before:

# MICROPHONE VAD STREAMING
Minimalistic example to demonstrate the DeepSpeech streaming  API in NIM.Raw audio is streamed from microphone to the DeepSpeech based on VAD (voice Activity Detection).

## Prerequisites:
0) Please read ``PREREQUISITES`` in [README](../README.md)  for getting the required ``libdeepspeech.so`` shared library.
1) This example depends on the ``libasound.so``(which is distributed along with all major linux distros and present in linker's default path)

_Note:  You may need to install ``libasound.so``  if not found_
```
sudo apt-get install libasound2
```
2) Download the pre-trained DeepSpeech english model (1089MB) and Scorer Package(~900MB):

```
wget https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.0/deepspeech-0.8.0-models.pbmm
wget https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.0/deepspeech-0.8.0-models.scorer
```


## Installation

1. Install Nim bindings for deespeech version-0.7.0 .
```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-deepspeech@0.7.0
```

2. Install Nim bindings for ALSA-lib C which is  needed for microphone access.
```nim
nimble install alsa
```

OR

```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-alsa
```

3. Install Webrtcvad library for Voice Activity Detection(VAD engine).
```nim
nimble install webrtcvad
```  
OR

```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-webrtcvad
```

4.  Install Wav library for reading and writing .wav files.

_Note: This lib is optional and is needed only  for saving recorded audio as ``.wav`` files._
```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-wav
```

## BUILD:
*  Build the executable/binary as such:
```nim
nim c -f -d:release --threads:on vad_stream.nim
```

## Usage:
* Using ``--saveWav`` flag is optional ,it will save the recorded audio as `.wav` files. 
``` nim 
./vad_stream --model:<path/to/pretrained/model.pbmm>  --scorer:<path/to/.scorer>  --saveWav
```

Commit message:

Rename DeepSpeech to Mozilla Voice STT

nim_mic_vad_streaming/linux_nim_vad_streaming/README.md, after:

# MICROPHONE VAD STREAMING
Minimalistic example to demonstrate the Mozilla Voice STT streaming  API in NIM.Raw audio is streamed from microphone to the Mozilla Voice STT based on VAD (voice Activity Detection).

## Prerequisites:
0) Please read ``PREREQUISITES`` in [README](../README.md)  for getting the required ``libmozilla_voice_stt.so`` shared library.
1) This example depends on the ``libasound.so``(which is distributed along with all major linux distros and present in linker's default path)

_Note:  You may need to install ``libasound.so``  if not found_
```
sudo apt-get install libasound2
```
2) Download the pre-trained Mozilla Voice STT english model (1089MB) and Scorer Package(~900MB):

```
wget https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.0/deepspeech-0.8.0-models.pbmm
wget https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.0/deepspeech-0.8.0-models.scorer
```


## Installation

1. Install Nim bindings for deespeech version-0.7.0 .
```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-deepspeech@0.7.0
```

2. Install Nim bindings for ALSA-lib C which is  needed for microphone access.
```nim
nimble install alsa
```

OR

```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-alsa
```

3. Install Webrtcvad library for Voice Activity Detection(VAD engine).
```nim
nimble install webrtcvad
```  
OR

```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-webrtcvad
```

4.  Install Wav library for reading and writing .wav files.

_Note: This lib is optional and is needed only  for saving recorded audio as ``.wav`` files._
```nim
nimble install https://gitlab.com/eagledot/nim-wav
```

## BUILD:
*  Build the executable/binary as such:
```nim
nim c -f -d:release --threads:on vad_stream.nim
```

## Usage:
* Using ``--saveWav`` flag is optional ,it will save the recorded audio as `.wav` files. 
``` nim 
./vad_stream --model:<path/to/pretrained/model.pbmm>  --scorer:<path/to/.scorer>  --saveWav
```
